Today, I was yelled at in public for staring at a guy in a wheelchair.  I was staring cause he was so good looking. 

Today, I went to my retail job to buy some clothing.  As soon as I walked through the doors, my manager yelled at me for not being in appropriate work clothes.  I tried to explain that I was off the clock but he was having none of it.  I got written up. 

Today, I was t-boned and my truck was rendered useless.  I was given a ticket even though the man who hit me ran a red light.  Why? Because there was dirt on my license plate. 

Today, on a first date with a guy, I spilled ice cream all over my pants.  He bought me some more, and as I was thanking him, he said, "You've never had a guy treat you right, have you?" I said no and started crying. 

Today, at work, a customer cried because the cake I made her was not "exactly" the same as the display.  I'm the one who made the display and it was the same but the display cake had faded a bit, since it had been there for a month.  I'd mentioned this to the customer when she placed the order. 

Today, after doing tons of research on a wand my little brother wanted for Christmas, I finally found one on eBay for $60.  After already giving my credit card info and confirming the purchase, my dad called me and told me he found the exact same one for six bucks at a local toy store. 

Today, my mother brought over some early Christmas presents for me and the kids.  The kid's presents were fine, mine however consisted of many yard accessories, including solar lights.  I live in an apartment building with no yard.  Her response? "Buy a potted plant and shove them in there. 

Today, I got in trouble for going to work sick.  Yesterday, I got in trouble for not going to work while sick. 

Today, my boyfriend told me that my mom paid him to date me. 

Today, I asked my grandpa why he spoils me so much.  He told me it's because he truly believes no one else will ever want to. 

Today, I spent a quarter of an hour trying to figure out why my car wouldn't unlock, then why my number plate had changed. 

Today, I decorated my boyfriend's house for Christmas as a surprise, just in time for him and his family to come home.  Also just in time for him to tell me he's Jewish. 

Today, I found out I was the top ranking sales person for 2014.  What did last year's winner receive? An all-expenses paid weekend holiday.  What did I receive? A ham.  I'm vegetarian. 

Today, my girlfriend of two years asked me why I would never tie her shoes for her.  I confessed to her my deep hatred of feet.  Later, I woke up from a nap next to my girlfriend.  With her feet in my mouth. 

Today, immediately after being informed of the sketchy activities that take place in our store parking lot after dark, I'm handed an orange vest and told to go out there to retrieve carts. 

Today, I waited thirty minutes for a bus that stopped running three weeks ago. 

Today, since it's company policy, I had to go to the back of my small store to retrieve an item for a customer, even though I was working by myself.  I came back to find that since she couldn't get into the cash register, she found and stole my purse instead. 

Today, my boss sent me a link on how to write a good resignation letter. 

Today, my school textbook's back cover ripped off.  Not wanting to have my teacher find out, I glued the cover back together.  Only after the glue dried did I realize that I actually glued the back cover upside down. 

Today, a customer came in with a laptop smashed beyond repair.  She asked if we could recover her files, but thanks to my idiot boss' new store policy I had to ask her a bunch of questions, including if she had tried "turning it on and off".  She stared at me, speechless, like I was a complete moron. 

Today, I noticed that even though I got all my Christmas shopping done a month earlier than usual, I forgot to put anything in the mail. 

Today, I was about to have sex with my boyfriend for the first time.  As things got heated, he broke down crying.  I assumed it was just anxiety so I hugged him and told him it's alright and that it didn't matter, we'd try another time.  Half an hour later, he confessed that he's actually gay. 

Today, I was at an outdoors Christmas party and I jokingly complained that my son says 'mama' way more than he says 'dada'.  One of my students was at the party and watched him for a couple of hours.  He taught him to say 'dada' every time he sees a bug. 

Today, as I was saying bye to my girlfriend, I said "see ya later, alligator. " She took offense because she thought I called her ugly. 

Today, I had to find simple words to explain to the idiot I was tutoring that "1/4" is not of a greater value than "1/3" just because the denominator is bigger. 

Today, thanks to some asswipe drunk driver fleeing the cops the wrong way down a one-way street, I've now had my third wreck this year.  My insurance premium's now higher than Bob Marley in a weed factory. 



Today, I sent my girlfriend a long-overdue message telling her I feel like she doesn't really care about me any more, that it seems like she only ever calls me when she needs money, and that I'm even starting to suspect she may be cheating on me.  14 hours later, she replied: "TL;DR". 



Today, I took a late-night shower.  When I got out afterwards, the bathroom door was ajar, and I could have sworn I heard the faint patter of footsteps in the kitchen.  "It's probably the cat," I told myself.  Then I went upstairs and saw my cat asleep on my bed. 

Today, I was fired for "smelling like garbage".  I'm the guy who throws the garbage into the truck. 

Today, while hanging out with this guy I'm interested in, we turned and made eye contact.  We were face to face and I thought he was finally going to kiss me.  He decided to lick my face from chin to forehead instead. 

Today, my parents had a loud argument over who is worse in bed. 

Today, my date mugged me, just minutes after I paid our bill at the restaurant. 

Today, after six long, hard years of involuntary celibacy, I was finally about to get laid.  Except it was just a dream, and in it my mom stormed in just as things got heated, called me a useless cunt, and told me to go do my chores.  I guess my brain forgot I moved out years ago. 

Today, I posted a photo on Facebook showing a side-by-side view of me before and after I'd tried out my new makeup.  My dad commented, "What is this, Gollum cosplaying an Orc?" My mum, brother, and over 20 "friends" liked his comment. 

Today, I went to the dry-cleaner's and went to get my bag of laundry from my trunk, but I ended up dropping the bag.  My dirty underwear blew around the parking lot.  I had to chase it all down as a bunch of people looked on. 

Today, the lady whose son I babysit sent me a text, saying she left a gift for me for all the hard work I've done.  I found a beautifully-wrapped box where she said the gift was.  It turned out my actual gift was cookies sitting right next to it. 

Today, I was shocked to notice that my hair has started growing out entirely silver, supposedly due to pregnancy.  I'm 19.  Apparently, according to my aunt, "It runs in the family. 

Today, I got 3 different rejection letters mailed to me from the same college. 

Today, I beat my boyfriend in a video game.  He promptly dumped me and told me to leave. 

Today, I found out my girlfriend and all of our friends have begun referring to the time I was meant to lose my virginity, but couldn't get hard, as the "cheese stick incident. " They all think it's hilarious, and the worst part is that it's actually a pretty appropriate description. 

Today, my boyfriend jokingly said that if I didn't pass my exam, he wouldn't have sex with me for a month.  I failed it, and now he thinks I did it on purpose. 

Today, I went out to a bar with some of my friends.  They're all in committed relationships, but every single one of them got hit on.  I'm single, and yet again, nobody even said hi to me. 

Today, I had my midterm finals for AP Literature.  My teacher had good news and bad news for us.  The bad news? That he lost the file for our original exam and so had to make a harder exam for us.  An exam he told us not to study for.  The good news? "Jesus Christ suffered and died for our sins. 

Today, my mother-in-law asked for a copy of my son's death certificate so she could have her week-long island beach holiday classed as bereavement leave. 

Today, half of my motivation to stop drinking is so that my tolerance will go down, because I currently can't actually afford enough alcohol to get even tipsy anymore. 

Today, I felt a horrible pain while having sex with my wife, and I had to stop.  I thought it was a hernia or something, but she called me a liar and accused me of everything from not finding her attractive, to me cheating on her.  It turned out I had appendicitis.  She still won't apologize. 

Today, I took a crap.  When I stood up to admire my handiwork and flush, I noticed blood-red everywhere in the toilet.  I freaked out like a little girl, thinking I was bleeding out of my ass.  Then I noticed the ketchup packets my roommate had slipped under the seat to prank me. 

Today, after finally finishing a huge internal rebranding project at work, which I've poured blood, sweat and tears into over the last 12 months, I found out we're being acquired by another company and that our new brand will no longer exist. 

Today, I decided to splurge and get valet parking at a fancy restaurant.  I got out of the car and gave the man my keys and watched as he slowly backed my car into another car. 

Today, my mother-in-law gave me a toaster and a fork as a wedding gift. 

Today, my 6-year-old son asked me what a "sex toy" was.  Not really knowing what to tell him, I said it was a game.  He's asked for one for Christmas. 

Today, my boss heard a rumor that I was in a relationship with a fellow co-worker.  He assured me that inside relationships weren't against any store policy, so I confirmed it.  He then fired my boyfriend anyway. 

Today, a student's mother sent me an e-mail complaining that I was requiring her child to read a book containing mild profanity.  She then demanded me to let him read an easier book.  This would've been somewhat acceptable if the student wasn't in the 12th grade. 

Today, my classmate commented on how quiet I am.  I responded with, "Well, nobody plots murder out loud," trying to be funny.  My teacher tried to get me arrested. 

Today, I got a new downstairs neighbor.  Herpes. 

Today, I needed to take a dump at school.  As soon as I sat down, somebody else walked in.  I'm extremely poop-shy, so I was forced to wait for several minutes while they styled their hair and applied makeup.  After they left, I breathed a sigh of relief.  Then someone else walked in. 

Today, I woke up to the lovely sounds of goats having escaped their pen and climbed onto the roof.  Again. 

Today, someone backed straight into my car as I was hunting for a parking spot.  I just got my car back from the body shop after a hit-and-run. 

Today, my parents decided to "discipline" my kitten by spraying her with water.  This somehow managed to completely un-train her, and now she's back to being the compulsive biter she was when I first brought her home. 

Today, I asked my spouse to help me apply some hemorrhoid relief cream, since I couldn't see what was going on down there clearly.  Next time, I hope I'll remember if I'm still in a conference call with my online  classmates so they don't witness the whole thing again. 

Today, I blew my load in less than a minute.  I wasn't having sex or even making out.  I was spooning. 

Today, I found out my Nan passed away.  My boyfriend came over to comfort me, things got intimate and we ended up having sex.  After he came, he chuckled to himself and said, "That one's for you, Nan". 

Today, my 5-year-old daughter was asked by her teacher to write a letter to each member of her family to read during the holidays.  Her letter to me said, "Dear mommy, come on.  You could have done better than dad. 

Today, my mom told me how lucky I was to inherit her "asymptomatic" periods.  It's true, I don't get cramps, bloating or mood swings with my periods.  Nope, just excruciatingly painful diarrhea.  Thanks, mom. 

Today, my family got into a massive argument about whether or not battery-operated toothbrushes are considered electric toothbrushes.  Everyone is in their own room and refuses to talk to each other. 

Today, my classmate said I looked better without makeup.  Well, her exact words were, "You look like less of a whore without makeup. 

Today, my cat let out the biggest moan I have ever heard, while we were both in the living room.  My dad heard and accused me of watching porn. 

Today, I called this girl I've had a crush on for 2 years to confess my love to her.  However, as she picked up the phone, I got so nervous that I froze and couldn't say a word.  I was standing there, breathing heavily for 20 seconds.  She got so freaked out that she threatened to call the police. 

Today, I found out that the "IRS scam" that I ignored last week was actually not a scam, and now I have a warrant out for me. 

Today, my new friend tried to introduce me to "American Culture," as I am new to the city.  He explained what a hamburger is and how it differs from the Asian food I was used to eating.  I moved from Seattle and have worked at Burger King. 

Today, I was so lonely, I tried to get into bed noiselessly while pretending I had a boyfriend asleep in it. 

Today, I ate at Subway during my lunch hour.  A group of teenage girls sat down at the table next to mine.  They all shared good laugh about the "friendless, chubby chick" sitting near them, while attempting to discreetly point at me. 

Today, my wife and I are about to move across the country when the landlord for our new house called and said a water line busted and flooded the house.  The movers are coming tomorrow. 

Today, I finished a painting I'd spent 3 weeks working on for an exhibition.  When I came back from lunch, my cat was perched above it on my desk.  He looked at me, then down at the painting, then jumped down onto it.  He slipped and smeared the wet paint everywhere, ruining the whole thing. 

Today, as I was about to lose my virginity to my girlfriend, she started doing stupidly fake moaning, which then went really high-pitched like a little girl's, killing my hard-on.  She says she thought that because I'm Japanese-American, I'd only be able to cum if she copied "those Japanese pornstars". 

Today, it's been months since I dropped out of college to escape constantly being bullied and being miserable.  Ever since then, I've been having recurring nightmares with the same people bullying me, after which I wake up crying and feeling miserable.  My brain is a douchebag. 

Today, I was informed that my uneven facial features make me seem "untrustworthy. " Glad to know my unchangeable physical appearance doubles as a character flaw. 

Today, my parents decided to finally kick me out of the house because they've gotten tired of seeing me "sleep around all day and being so lazy" whenever I'm home.  I'm currently triple-shifting for 6 days a week. 

Today, I spent well over an hour waiting for customer service to assist me with my forgotten password, only to realize, 5 minutes into the conversation, that I had never created an account in the first place. 

Today, my mom wouldn't let me go to the YMCA pool with the rest of the family.  She said that the sound my thighs make when they rub together is "embarrassing". 

 I thought he was joking so I said I hoped they weren't any of my favorites.  He wasn't joking, though, and now some stranger from Craigslist owns my panties. 

Today, my dad and grandpa came to a charity event that I helped set up for people who have autism.  I appreciated their support, until I heard my dad say "Man, some of these 'tards are pretty hot. " and my grandpa replying "Yeah.  Probably like dead fish in bed, though. 

Today, my vegan girlfriend openly admitted that she'd let me die if she had to choose between saving my life or an animal's.  She actually seemed confused as to why that upset me. 

 Just seconds after I walked in, the owner asked me to leave, saying he doesn't serve "trash" like me, while pointing at the memorial tattoo on the back of my hand. 

Today, my Canadian friend is staying a few days at my parents' house.  I drove him from the airport, only to find my idiot dad had decked the spare room out with maple syrup bottles.  He keeps saying "eh" all the time and asked "What's he so upset aboot?" when my friend was offended. 

Today, my girlfriend confessed that she's been cheating on me for the past two months.  Apparently she thought I'd take it well, because when I yelled at her for being a heartless bitch, she stuttered "S-sike!" and tried to play it off as a prank.  She's acting like we're still dating. 

Today, I was trying to turn my boyfriend on with dirty texts.  When he said "I'm horny," I teasingly replied, "Whoops, did I do that?" His reply? "Huh? Naw i'm watching sum porn". 

Today, I finally told my boyfriend that he's not very good at dirty talk.  He does it every time we have sex and it always turns me off.  He started crying. 

Today, after months of correcting him, I got so used to my boss calling me "Alex" that I didn't respond to my own name several times today. 

Today, I came home to find out my roommate sold my PS4, because, "You don't use it anymore. 

Today, my boss threw a pre-Christmas party at work.  He always uses them to rant at us and tell us to be better employees.  When the speech began, the alarm I have set for my daily birth control went off.  It's the sound of an obnoxious screaming child. 

Today, I took my Spanish exam.  One of the questions was to translate "Mark is lazy and antisocial. " My name is Mark.  Everyone kept giving me weird looks the whole test. 

Today, my boyfriend sent Christmas Carollers to my house to tell me he was breaking up with me. 

Today, I took out my old hairdryer and turned it on.  I then gave my roommate a show as I ran out of the bathroom, naked and screaming, after a spider was blasted out of the hairdryer and directly at my face. 

Today, I found out first-hand that the most horrifying sight you can ever witness is two morbidly obese people getting nasty with each other in a dance club's run-down, public restroom. 

Today, my oldest friend got engaged to her loving boyfriend of one year.  Meanwhile, I can't even get my boyfriend of more than four years to commit to a decision of what he wants for dinner. 

Today, I had to babysit my 7-year-old niece while my brother bought Christmas presents.  After he left, she walked up to me and said in a very dark voice, "I'm gonna make you hate children!" Now my apartment looks like a bomb site. 



Today, I confronted my boyfriend after he received a text with a bunch of hearts on it.  After arguing, turns out it was from me. 

Today, I sat on the bus for 3 hours stuck in traffic trying to ignore the old lady sitting next to me discreetly masturbating. 

Today, I was home alone when I heard the carbon-monoxide detector beeping.  Panicking, I grabbed my dog, ran out of my house as fast as I could, and waited outside for 3 hours for my mom to get home.  Turned out the detector was just out of batteries. 

Today, at my daughter's ballet recital, after she was done dancing, grown adults booed.  She's five. 

Today, I noticed that I'm way more productive when I'm drinking than when I'm not.  I think I just figured out why I'm related to so many alcoholics. 



Today, I got to experience the horror of my wife's pregnancy.  She woke me up abruptly at 5 am by throwing up all over me due to her terrible morning sickness, then ate pickles covered in mayonnaise, and later dropped to the floor sobbing when I told her we were out of dog food. 

Today, since my finals are starting tomorrow, I made a joke about setting my math books on fire.  I laughed.  Friends laughed.  Parents laughed. 

Today, I was having sex when a cigarette craving came on.  I don't know what's worse, the fact I asked for a cigarette break in the middle of sex or I last that long. 

Today, the power went out at school.  As a senior, I don't show up until third period.  When I got there, I signed in as usual.  The office secretary waited until I signed in to tell me that if I hadn't, I wouldn't have to attend classes that day.  Now I have to sit in class doing nothing. 

Today, I found out my boyfriend uses a period tracker app to find out when we can fuck. 

Today, my son got in trouble at school.  The kids had to solve a problem by determining whether it was better for "Edna" to repair or replace her AC unit.  He said Edna is an "old person's name" and she was "probably going to die soon anyway", so she shouldn't do either. 

Today, I wore what I thought was a hideous sweater from the thrift store for an ugly sweater contest.  I've gotten more compliments on it than anything else I've ever worn.  I can't even succeed at failure. 

Today, I popped into the shower hoping to come out all warm and clean.  Something was very wrong with the pipes, and I came out smelling like sewage instead. 

Today, I received a gift certificate from my grandmother for a local bookshop.  Considering how broke I am, this would be a fantastic gift.  If the bookshop in question wasn't a right-wing evangelical Christian Bookshop, and I wasn't Jewish. 

Today, I thought it'd be fun to kick open one of those unisex bathrooms in my workplace.  I'm not sure who was more surprised, me or my boss who was in there taking a dump. 

Today, I was sitting on a fence watching a friend play soccer.  He accidentally kicked the ball at my face and made me fall off the fence into mud.  I laughed it off and got back on the fence.  Two seconds later he did the same exact thing.  I fell wrong and slammed my face into the fence.  Pain. 

Today, I proposed to my girlfriend of 2 years after eating in a 5-star restaurant.  She said that she wasn't ready and that she would walk home by herself, which she did.  A homeless gentleman walked up from behind me, patted me on the back and said, "Bitches man. " I cried. 

Today, it's the last night before a concert.  Today is also the day my brother pawned my clarinet for drug money. 

Today, one of my classmates asked the teacher to postpone her presentation because she had to study and the teacher happily agreed.  When I approached her, the teacher started yelling at me because postponing deadlines is irresponsible.  I just wanted to make sure we didn't need to bring our book. 

Today, my pet bunny died.  My little sister is distraught and practically suicidal, because apparently she playfully pointed a wand at it a few days ago and said "avada kedavra".  She's absolutely convinced that she killed it. 

Today, my husband sent me a link to an article titled "5 ways you are unknowingly destroying your husband and killing your marriage. 

Today, I woke up from a wet dream.  My girlfriend quickly figured it out and bitched me out for having one when she was "right there" for me to ask for sex.  Logic failure aside, the last time I flirted with her, she called me a sex-obsessed pig and didn't talk to me for three days. 

Today, my mother-in-maw informed us that she sold her house and is moving in with us so we'll "take care" of her in old age.  She's in perfect health.  We've only been married for 4 months.  My wife can't stand her for more than 2 weeks at a time, let alone living with us. 

Today, I found a very light blonde long hair on my marital bed's pillow.  I confronted my husband about it and after hours of arguments and me throwing his stuff out of the house, I found another.  Attached to my head.  My husband isn't having an affair, I'm just going grey. 

Today, at work, I gave a piece of candy to a co-worker I have a crush on.  She looked at me weirdly and walked away.  I then remembered that my friend wrote "penis" on the wrapper. 

Today, my cats found a new game to play.  They each sit on either side of the cat flap, and take turns hitting it.  Clack, clack.  Clack, clack.  At 3 am.  Clack, clack.  Clack, clack. 

Today, after spending a lazy day at home, I went to UPS with my mom to help her pick up a package.  While in line, she sent me back to the car because I'm, "an embarrassment to be around" when I'm not wearing makeup. 

Today, my daughter wasn't feeling well, so we allowed her to sleep in bed with us.  She snuggled right up with my husband.  I felt a little jealous until she turned around and cuddled with me, just long enough to throw up all over me.  She then flipped back over and snuggled with her dad. 

Today, I confessed to my roommate of 4 years that I'm in love with her.  Her response? Sticking her tongue out at me and blowing a raspberry. 

Today, as I was leaving home for my mall kiosk job, my dad asked me where I was off to.  When I said I was going to work, he tossed an empty beer bottle to the floor, belched, and said "Bah! Get a REAL job!" He's unemployed and living in my apartment. 

Today, my son told me the Christmas letter he wrote to Santa was a joke and he didn't want the stuff he asked for.  I already bought everything. 

Today, I told my boss I have a sore throat.  He replied, "Well, don't take it so deep next time. 

Today, while fasting for a medical test, my blood sugar became so low that I had heart palpitations and passed out.  My doctor's advice? Fast, so he can run more tests. 

Today, I asked my dad why we didn't have any baby pictures.  His response was, "They got lost in the flood of '93. " I was born in '95. 

Today, my mom texted me and asked what I was up to.  In response, I joked, "Dancing on the dining room table, waving dad's Calvin Klein's in the air, and shooting bullets into her bedroom floor. " Not only did the cops show up, but now I'm grounded for two weeks for being, "deceptively believable. 

Today, I found out I have sodium fluoride poisoning.  Apparently, my water has a high level of sodium fluorine.  I've been drinking much more water lately trying to be healthier. 

Today, my mother has issued a 'Christmas Ultimatum'.  The rest of us have exactly 2 days to "get some Christmas around here" or we will feel her wrath. 

Today, I witnessed my dad rummage through his nostrils, thoughtfully examine the contents, and flick them nonchalantly onto the carpet.  All of this he did with the biggest demented grin on his face.  Sadly, this has become a regular occurrence. 

Today, I went on a date with a girl who had to cut our date short so she could go on another one. 

Today, I enjoyed the soft caressing touch of the person I'm attracted to.  It would have been even better if he weren't simply stroking my arm hair in amazement at its superior length and density. 

Today, my boss commented on the fact that I don't usually wear makeup, then told me it would be much appreciated if I'd change that. 

Today, I fell asleep on the couch and woke up to find that I had slept through my house getting robbed. 

Today, my boyfriend gave me a long, philosophical explanation about how he doesn't love me, but we should still have sex. 

Today, my girlfriend decided to treat me out to dinner and cake for my birthday.  My mom felt left out and yelled at my girlfriend in an angry tirade.  My girlfriend went home.  I'm spending my birthday, alone in my room. 

Today, my boyfriend made me a milkshake.  It was pale yellow with some black spots.  He told me it was banana and poppy seed.  After drinking it, he told me they weren't poppy seeds.  They were his pubes. 

Today, my sister turned the volume on my phone way up and changed the ringtone to a woman's blood-curdling scream.  I found this out when she called my phone at 2am as I slept next to it.  I pissed my pants and fell out of bed screaming in terror.  I'll never hear the end of this. 

Today, while clearing stuff out of the basement, I found my ex-wife's old electronic diary device from the '90s.  I found the charger, powered it up, and had soon read all about out she'd been cheating on me for almost half our marriage with the guy she's now married to. 

Today, I snooped around my parents' room looking for hidden Christmas presents.  The only hidden things I found was a whip, two ball gags, several other sex toys, and a load of newspaper clippings about the JFK assassination. 

Today, I performed the Heimlich maneuver on a man.  He cussed me out because the piece of food he was choking on was "a perfectly good portion of lobster". 

Today, I farted while I was in the car with my driving instructor and my partner.  They couldn't hear it, but it smelled so bad that my instructor thought there was a gas leak, and he made us switch cars. 

Today, my boyfriend told me he wouldn't be able to cover his share of the rent because he didn't work during the week, saying business has been slow.  I checked and found out he called in sick four times.  He wanted to stay home and watch online gaming matches. 

Today, I felt bad about rarely complimenting my mom about her cooking, so during dinner, I raved about her incredible, creamy, macaroni and cheese.  It came from a box. 

Today, I asked out the girl of my dreams.  She was so excited that she had a severe asthma attack and ended up in hospital.  Her answer was yes, but her parents won't let me anywhere near her now.  They say I'm lucky they haven't sued me for "trying to kill her". 

Today, I found out why my wife has been cold and distant lately.  She went to a psycho fraudster - sorry, I mean "psychic medium" - who said I'm lusting after other women and am thinking about leaving her.  She actually believed him.  Now I'm considering leaving her for real.  Well played, I guess. 

Today, I put a picture on Facebook of me without makeup.  A "friend" commented: "fuk me thts hideus!!" My dad replied: "Hideous, yes, just like your godawful spelling!" My mom yelled at my dad for agreeing with the guy, and they're still fighting.  Meanwhile, my self-esteem is in the gutter. 

Today, being useless at thinking of gifts, I asked my boyfriend what he wants for Christmas.  I said it could be anything that I could afford.  He looked me in the eye and said very seriously: "Anal. 

Today, I asked my boss for a raise.  I pointed out that due to a technicality, if he hired someone to replace me, he'd have to pay them more anyway.  He said he'd gladly pay more for "someone who knows his god-damn place" and made it clear I'll be jobless very soon. 

Today, while driving home, I swerved to avoid turning a duck and her babies into roadkill.  Another car was coming around a sharp bend at the time and swerved to avoid hitting me.  In the end, we both ran our cars off the road, and he took out several ducks in the process. 

Today, my daughter decided it'd be funny to change the time on my clock.  My boss didn't think it was funny. 

Today, at work, due to a mix up, I had to call an answering service.  I am also from an answering service.  We got the problem fixed but I couldn't hang up due to company policy.  She couldn't hang up either.  We both had to get our supervisors for permission to hang up. 

Today, I went to dinner at my parents' house.  I was going to surprise them by introducing them to my new boyfriend.  They decided to surprise me too, by inviting my ex to the dinner.  Everyone was surprised tonight. 

Today, I broke a glass case containing my pet scorpions.  I still can't find them. 

Today, I went over to my boyfriend's house to break up with him.  When I got there, I got sent on a scavenger hunt that ended with him proposing to me. 

Today, I woke up feeling awful and decided to make myself a nice egg omelette with bacon, toast and fresh fruit.  As I went to eat it, I stubbed my toe and dropped it all on the floor.  My dogs were very happy about that. 

Today, at the fast food joint I work at, I had to climb into the children's play area and chase out two horny teens who thought it was an appropriate place to stick their hands down each other's pants and fool around.  I don't get paid enough for this shit. 

Today, my work department set a new sales record, something not done in nearly 30 years.  It's corporate policy to give a bonus to each worker responsible as a reward.  Our manager decided our "bonuses" would be plastic medals from Dollar Tree.  He didn't even buy enough for everybody. 

Today, the family computer's 15-year-old CRT monitor which gives me headaches finally stopped working.  My dad quickly found a replacement: an even older CRT monitor that gives me worse headaches. 

Today, my neighbor showed me footage of my 7-year-old son spraying his beloved rose garden with weed killer.  The whole garden is dead as fuck, and I'm now being taken to small claims court. 

Today, my dad texted me saying he had "big news. " I immediately called, thrilled, because I assumed he meant that he finally found a job and that our money troubles were over.  The "big news" was him being excited at seeing an actor from one TV show he likes in another TV show. 

Today, I proposed to my girlfriend.  Being a chef of a highly-rated restaurant, I cooked a well-liked dish.  Not only did she say no, but commented on how bland and tasteless the meal was. 

Today, I woke up with a swollen lump on my throat.  It's extremely painful.  My dad named it Gretchen and now talks about it as if it's a person. 

Today, to avoid walking on a thumbtack that had fallen on the floor, my little sister took a red sharpie to the carpet and drew a circle around it, "so that way, everyone will see it. 

Today, I thought I was doing a nice thing when I spent hundreds of dollars to get my friend a plane ticket home.  She yelled at me when I gave it to her.  Turns out, she planned on spending a few more months freeloading off me. 

Today, I found the Christmas candy that I'd hidden a year ago.  Turns out I wasn't the only living creature who had found it. 

Today, I injured my knee during dance class.  When it started to feel a little bit better, I tried dancing again.  I tripped, fell, and broke my wrist. 

Today, I was a bit upset to learn that my 13 year-old daughter had a boyfriend.  When she noticed, she assured me that I shouldn't worry, because "it's just for sex anyway". 

Today, on a dimly lit red eye flight, I woke up to see my mom's head bobbing up and down in my dad's lap.  I guess giving out stealthy blow jobs next to your sleeping son is no big deal. 

Today, while I was on a field trip with my son, my husband decided to get rid of our dog without asking anyone.  Now I get to pick up the pieces of a broken heart, and he thinks he did nothing wrong. 

Today, my girlfriend found out that I secretly watch porn while she sleeps, but she seemed to be fine with it.  That's until the next day, when she got on my Facebook account and publicly shared every porn page I visit.  My father even commented, "Poor choice in porn, son". 

Today, after a few weeks of my dad setting up glue traps in the garage to trap mice, I found out what it's like to have a pigeon wander in and get its foot stuck on one. 

Today, while working in a restaurant, a woman told me I was completely incompetent, was the worst hostess she'd ever seen, and that she would call my district manager non-stop until I was fired.  I'd clocked in less than 10 minutes before and hadn't said a single word to her. 

Today, I got a letter in the mail from corporate saying that I'm being demoted because I don't work enough hours.  I also got a text from my boss congratulating me on making the best sales numbers for November. 

Today, my boyfriend brought me to a restaurant on a surprise date.  I guess he didn't know that my ex-boyfriend now works there, and that he would be our waiter for the evening. 

Today, I learned I'm allergic to the 5-month-old kitten we got 3 days ago.  It loves me, follows me everywhere and sleeps on my lap in the evenings. 

Today, my boss at my new call center job said he'd gotten complaints about me.  Apparently I sound "too black" and it's "upsetting" some of our customers.  I don't know what that even means, but my boss said I need to "tone it down or we're gonna have some problems". 

Today, I realized that although I'm dating the most loveable, caring and genuine man, the fact that he's a crack addict means I'll never be his drug of choice when he needs a hit. 

Today, my boyfriend and I had sex for the first time.  He's Latino, so I thought he'd like it if I made a bit of noise and called him "papi" while we did it.  It freaked him out enough to kill his boner, and now he thinks I have some kind of incest fetish. 

Today, I still didn't feel quite awake after the first lesson at school, so I went to get a cup of coffee from the vending machine.  I had just enough money for it.  No cup dropped into the holder, and the whole thing poured straight into the drip tray while I watched. 

Today, I was short on money for bills, so I pulled out my alto saxophone, knowing that no matter how much I loved it, I'd be able pay my rent with the money.  As I pulled it out of its case, the neck strap broke and I dropped it, breaking the bell beyond repair.  Now I'm poor AND depressed. 

Today, I had a performance.  I have to go bra-less to wear my gown and I didn't want any peek-a-boos.  I asked my boyfriend to bring "large band-aids" without telling him why I needed them.  He brought waterproof, top-notch tough ones.  They're still stuck to me, and are not coming off anytime soon. 

Today, I bought my cat a fun toy at the one of a kind craft show.  It has catnip in it, which he loves.  He flipped out, so I took it away.  He won't stop trying to break into the cupboard I put it in.  My cat has a drug problem. 

Today, after two years, my girlfriend finally got over her intimacy and commitment problems, with a guy she met over the summer. 

Today, I received a package from my deployed husband.  It contained a scarf, a letter, and a bag full of his pubes. 

Today, I deleted a load of junk that was messing up my mother's computer.  I don't know how I'm going to tell her I accidentally wiped out all of her wedding photos. 

Today, I got broken up with.  In a text message.  She texted my grandma, who then had to forward said text to me.  I got broken up via grandma. 

Today, I met an American guy at a bar.  I felt flattered when he said, "You know what they say about Swedish girls, all so beautiful. 

Today, while my boyfriend and I were talking with his sister-in-law about a TV show, his 6-year-old nephew walked up just in time to hear how Santa killed the protagonist's parents.  I've never seen such a heartbroken face in my life, and now he won't stop asking if Santa kills people. 

Today, while in bed with my boyfriend of 2 years, he mentioned what it would be like if he had sex with anyone other than me.  I mentioned the same about him.  He quickly yelled, "No, you're a woman. 

Today, the school counselor asked me to leave the grief counseling group for the death of my sister.  Apparently, I scare the others. 

Today, I discovered that the reason the phone I've had for a year takes such terrible and cloudy pictures is because I never took the plastic coating off the lens. 

Today, it's either be alone and miserable, or go on shitty dates and be miserable.  I have no other options. 

Today, after putting in so much effort to forgive my husband for his affair, we had sex.  Not even 2 minutes into it, he called me by the other woman's name. 

Today, during a moment of silence in front of the entire high school during my band concert, I managed to hit the stand with my flute, and loudly scrambled to catch it before it fell over.  I've never had so many people look at me. 

Today, my mom found my dildo, and got so angry that she beat me with it. 

Today, I realized my anger management has hit a new low when I screamed at a goose for being a goose. 

Today, I got friendzoned by three different women.  Each girl suggested I should ask out one of the other two women who also friendzoned me. 

Today, my husband shaved off his beard.  Turns out he looks like my ex. 

Today, I dug out the 5 fancy, extremely expensive candles I bought during Black Friday.  I lit one up, and was delighted that it smelled so great.  My mother then walked into my room and stated that it smelled "like shit".  The other four were going to be a Christmas gift for her. 

Today, my boyfriend bought me some feminine cleansing wipes for my birthday so I could, "get the hoo-ha spick-and-span. 

Today, for the first time ever, my family bought a real Christmas tree instead of using our old fake one.  Today, I also found out I'm allergic to Christmas trees.  My family won't get rid of it because they paid so much for it and intend to "get their money's worth". 

Today, I sat down for a poop.  The toilet seat slid off immediately, taking me with it.  I lay on the bathroom floor for several moments stunned, still pooping. 

Today, my only child introduced his new girlfriend to me.  He is 36 and has no children.  She is 46 and has a pregnant daughter who she is very close with.  I don't know if I'll ever be a grandfather, but in any case, my son is going to be one before me. 

Today, my wife was giving me a blowjob when I foolishly asked her how she got so good at giving them.  She looked straight into my eyes and replied, "Practising on about six guys before you. 

Today, my wife and I drove two hours from our rural town to buy a new sofa.  When we got home, it took us an hour to figure out there was no way to fit it through our door.  We made the two hour drive back to return it, only to find the store was closed. 

Today, my little sister asked if she could play on my laptop, but I said no because I was writing an essay for school.  She then bit herself hard and showed the mark to our parents, saying I did it.  As they bitched me out, my sister got on my laptop and deleted my half-finished essay. 

Today, I bought a Santa hat.  After wearing the hat for a few hours, I noticed a strange lump near the tip of it.  I stuck my hand inside to dig out the mysterious object.  It was a dead cockroach. 

Today, my boyfriend went to work instead of going to my father's funeral.  He works at home and chooses his own hours. 

Today, it's my birthday.  My grandma posted about it on her Facebook wall, but people got confused and thought it was her birthday instead.  She got twice as many birthday wishes as I did, and that's including the ones I got outside of Facebook. 

Today, my mom told me that her vagina is "as cute today as it was twenty years ago. 

Today, while walking home with my mom, some unoriginal cockshart in a passing car yelled at me: "Fuck her in the pussy!" It was a long, awkward walk home after that. 

Today, I asked my girlfriend's father for permission to take his daughter's hand in marriage.  He asked me "Which one?" I said "Uh, the one I'm dating. . .  Lisa. " He belched and said, "Yeah sure, throw 'er off a cliff for all I care.  Piss off, boy. " So much for chivalry. 

Today, after a huge fight, my girlfriend started coming onto me.  I thought it was actual make-up sex and went along with it.  It was great, until she suddenly shoved me off her just as I was almost ready to come.  She smugly announced she was dumping me, got dressed, then left. 

Today, while at work, I had to spend an hour and a half on the phone, listening to an old lady relive her entire day in excruciating detail.  We're not allowed to hang up on customers, and she was extremely quick to dismiss all my attempts to steer the call back on topic. 

Today, I sent my boyfriend a dirty picture to turn him on.  He texted back: "Jfc, why wud u tease me like that?? Srsly fuck off". 

Today, I thought it would be cute to put on a Santa hat and ask my crush what he wanted for Christmas.  He said "A girlfriend. " I took off my Santa hat and yelled "Ta-da!" He added, "An ATTRACTIVE girlfriend. 

Today, I had to explain to a customer that 50% off a $50 item did not make the item free. 

Today, I'm staying with my grandma because my parents will be away this weekend.  She forgot who I was, threw an iron at me, then kicked me out of her house. 

Today, and for the past few days, there is a musical box stuck somewhere in my attic that randomly plays Christmas songs. 

Today, my friend made a fake account on Facebook, pretending to be a girl, and posted my phone number on a sexting group.  I've been getting calls and text messages from horny weirdos all day long. 

Today, I came home after doing some Black Friday shopping for Christmas presents.  I told my husband I got the must-have toy our daughter has been dying for.  As soon as I said it, I heard squealing and turned around to see her standing right behind me.  There goes the surprise. 

Today, while at work, I really had to pee.  Since my break was soon, I decided to hold it as another customer came to my till, but I didn't see she had 3 trolleys full of food.  It took ages to scan all of it, and when I left for my break, I had an empty bladder and a wet seat. 

Today, I was locked out of my house.  As I was about to knock on the window to ask my girlfriend to let me in, I saw her on the sofa, digging a huge booger out of her nose and eating it. 

Today, we spent the day with my grandmother.  During a family conversation,, my sweet little grandmother looked me up and down, and without any hesitation said, "I remember you being so beautiful," before looking at my mother, mouthing, "What happened?" and laughing.  She's 87. 

Today, I finished watching an entire movie after boarding the plane, before the plane even took off. 

Today, after Thanksgiving dinner, we all played Cards Against Humanity.  On one round, I was the dealer, and I received "foreskin" as a card.  When I said this, my grandmother told me that apparently, after my ritual circumcision, my grandfather buried my foreskin under our rosebushes. 

Today, I went to celebrate Thanksgiving with my family.  I watched as my uncle and his girlfriend snuck off to the bathroom together, where they stayed until someone else tried to get in.  When they came out, she was wiping her mouth.  I need new eyes. 

Today, some idiot introduced my grandmother to yoga pants. 

Today, I realised I was far too attached to my duvet.  Literally.  I just got a large tattoo on my back, and my duvet somehow stuck to my skin during the night and formed part of the scab.  I now have the joy of deciding whether to tear it off fast or peel it away slowly. 

Today, I farted while asking a girl out to dinner. 

Today, I went off for a jog.  Outside, I saw my really cute neighbour, so in an effort to appear sporty, I accelerated and kept my head up.  As I got close, I smiled at him, just when a huge fly flew right up my nose. 

Today, I had to end a first date with the words, "You can get out of my car and go upstairs yourself, or I can come around and drag you out, bring you up the stairs, and knock on your door," because he'd gotten completely plastered in a span of about three hours.  And yes, I had to drag him. 

Today, I finally got time to take a nap.  Later, my mom asked me if I was depressed because I didn't leave my room for 3 hours.  She talked to my dad about it, and now my family thinks I'm depressed because I slept for 3 hours. 

Today, I thought I'd lost the ring that my boyfriend had given me, in the snow, in the dark.  I spent a half hour with a flashlight searching every part of my driveway.  The ring was on my kitchen windowsill the whole time.  I took it off earlier to do dishes. 

Today, it was my turn to open the bar I work at.  As I walked into our terrace, I found our insane upstairs neighbour leaving the scene without a word.  This was right before I spotted the steaming pile of dung she'd left behind. 

Today, my mother requested that I return the $500 she had previously given me to help me pay for college.  Her reasoning? "You work three jobs, you can afford it. " I work three jobs because she decided buying herself a car was more important than my schooling. 

Today, I went to get myself a latte to make myself feel better after having a bad day.  As soon as I sat down to enjoy it, I spilled it all over myself, another customer, and the floor. 

Today, I came home late from work.  As I got out of my car, I noticed a child-shaped silhouette in my bedroom window.  I almost shat myself, since I live alone.  I searched the whole house, sobbing in fear, only to find no trace of whatever or whoever I'd seen. 

Today, I agreed to give my husband head while he played Call of Duty.  I was happy because he enjoyed it at first, until he started getting his ass kicked in the game.  He lost and angrily blamed me for distracting him. 

Today, I drove over an hour to my grandma's house for her birthday party.  When she answered the door, her eyes went wide and she said angrily "No, not you!" and slammed the door shut in my face. 

Today, what few friends I have won't talk to me anymore.  My ex told them she dumped me because I abused her.  I never abused her.  What really happened is that she dumped me in a rage after I refused to give her money for drugs.  Nobody's even asked for my side of the story. 

Today, I frantically told my parents that my bank account had no money.  Turns out, they took the $1,600 I had saved up from a summer job and invested it in penny-stocks.  I was grounded because they were "doing it for the family," and I'm being selfish.  They also had lost it all in a matter of days. 

Today, my little brother learned about mortality when our dog died.  Since then, he's gone a little nuts and keeps ranting that he sees no point as to why our other dog should live.  He's 16. 

Today, I found out that my dog likes to howl when he hears sirens.  I live next to the fire station. 

Today, as I walked into the bank, I tripped and bumped into a security guard.  He thought I was assaulting him, so he pinned me to the floor and called for backup as he held me at gunpoint. 

Today, my mom booked a family trip to Sweden.  This would be great, if she hadn't asked me to tell our former German exchange student that we were coming to visit her in Germany.  She was thrilled.  Now I have to be the one to let her down. 

Today, a group of protesters set up just outside my residence hall at one in the morning.  After an hour of chanting, the police finally told them to stop, and I was finally able to get some sleep.  The protesters responded by pulling the fire alarm in every residence hall on campus. 

Today, I discovered that catching fewer mice in the traps I'd put out doesn't mean my pest problem is getting resolved.  It means that rats have moved in. 

Today, I spent an hour in my car terrified to go inside because I thought my house was being burgled.  I saw rapid shadows in the light of my lounge.  Eventually I plucked up the courage to creep inside with a rock to find it wasn't a robber.  It was my cats, fighting in front of a toppled lamp. 

Today, I was in a good mood for once and my professor looks at me and says, "I don't know what you ate for breakfast but you're really annoying today. 



My sweat smells like Wild Turkey. I'm really feeling the holiday spirit. 

As much of a hooker as I am you don't slam where you drink 

The tit pic search didn't go as planned, some old guy sent me a pic of his balls and said stop texting his daughter. Better luck tomorrow 

Come to this bar 

But I'm full of food. 

MAKE ME FULL OF YOUR DICK 

I didn't wake up drunk this year...I must be getting soft 

Yeah I guess quad-fisting Miller Lites just isn't as effective as it used to be 

Last year you twerked on my Christmas tree and threw up all over the bathroom...in front of my parents. We should probably keep power hour to ONLY an hour this year 

Was expecting a sext from Kristi and then my mom randomly sent me a pic of her ugly Xmas sweater. Worst. Buzzkill. Ever. 

Hey, thanks for not calling the cops when I answered the door naked, high as fuck, and covered in red velvet cake batter. 

I deserve to have sex with a hot freshman ok 

He kept kissing me on the cheek when I was pretending to sleep while he cried 

I told you that you should stop drinking and you responded "Thanks for telling me how to live, North Korea!" 

My ass is underappreciated 

Seriously considering modifying my computer case so it can dispense wine. I need to make a bunch of changes and reorganize it's guts anyway.... 

I almost wanna stick a tampon in and sneeze bent over to see if it actually shoots out 

And my cousin was so drunk he called an uber and instead he got into a cop car and they took him to the hospital 







My sweat smells like Wild Turkey. I'm really feeling the holiday spirit. 

As much of a hooker as I am you don't slam where you drink 

The tit pic search didn't go as planned, some old guy sent me a pic of his balls and said stop texting his daughter. Better luck tomorrow 

Come to this bar 

But I'm full of food. 

MAKE ME FULL OF YOUR DICK 

I didn't wake up drunk this year...I must be getting soft 

Yeah I guess quad-fisting Miller Lites just isn't as effective as it used to be 

Last year you twerked on my Christmas tree and threw up all over the bathroom...in front of my parents. We should probably keep power hour to ONLY an hour this year 

Was expecting a sext from Kristi and then my mom randomly sent me a pic of her ugly Xmas sweater. Worst. Buzzkill. Ever. 

Hey, thanks for not calling the cops when I answered the door naked, high as fuck, and covered in red velvet cake batter. 

I deserve to have sex with a hot freshman ok 

He kept kissing me on the cheek when I was pretending to sleep while he cried 

I told you that you should stop drinking and you responded "Thanks for telling me how to live, North Korea!" 

My ass is underappreciated 

Seriously considering modifying my computer case so it can dispense wine. I need to make a bunch of changes and reorganize it's guts anyway.... 

I almost wanna stick a tampon in and sneeze bent over to see if it actually shoots out 

And my cousin was so drunk he called an uber and instead he got into a cop car and they took him to the hospital 







Just watched my first Christmas porn of the year. Def have the spirit now 

I don't give a fuck that he's gay and keeps hitting on me. Free cocaine is free cocaine bro 

You just accidentally called me. You kept saying "Really?! Really?!!" So I can only assume you are having sub par sex 

Just bought a gingerbread house kit and pregnancy tests. Happy holidays. 

You were peeing off the rooftop and told everyone sometimes you just gotta go 

I was drunk and gave him my dad's phone number instead because somehow I thought that'd be funny. Man did that fucking backfire 

And thanks! There are perks to polyamory. And birthday orgies are one of them 

I'm too drunk to explain this to you. It's too hard. 

Just put me in your contacts as coyote 

And then I went through the chix filet drive through for breakfast in all my republican post sex glory 

You know the party's good when you say "Never have I ever caused an emergency landing" and someone drinks 

Like who needs a job and family when you can get drunk for free with strippers? 

Omg this place. I'm at a neighborhood party. My mom has kissed two other moms. Where am I 

She wasn't one for labels or anything serious really but while she was riding me she yelled marry me. It's like she fucked her self into commitment lmao she realy is a keeper bro 

Hey I'm coming to get my gin do you want a good luck blowjob for your exam tmrw 







I was just trying to be a good friend but in retrospect I probably shouldn't have pepper sprayed you. 

I'm  highly  inebriated watching star wars,  this text  was sent via  the force 

What, I can't laugh at my sister being driven crazy by Facebook randomly assigning chat significance to the guy she lost her virginity to? 

I wish there was a morning after pill for dominoes. 

Is her dick bigger than yours? 

Wound up hungover. Visiting 4 y/o nephew suggested cookies and milk and playing Kirby with him with the sound down. This kid is going places. 

He told me if he passed out to wake him by sitting on his face, and if he suffocated at least he would die happy. Found the one. 

Who gets call-your-ex-from-4-years-ago drunk on a Thursday?? 

Fyi, shaking your genitals at me doesn't count as "trying to have sex". 

He stopped in the middle of us banging in order to check in for his Southwest flight. 

I feel like asking for a towel for after I puke before I puke to be more respectful than jus going outside to puke and coming back inside covered in sweat and tears. 

he never texted me back from last night. i think brining out the suction cup dildo was a mistake 

It's Reggie from Taco Bell, send me a pic. 

If I send you a picture of a dick will you give me your honest reaction? 

My drug dealer bought me a book for Christmas. What a gentleman. 







You then played what you called "a smooth jazz rendition of talk dirty to me" all thrusting your crotch at the bartender. Mom looked horrified, but my dad couldn't stop laughing 

I just remember banging him and then at some point I went and took a shower and went and laid in the closet 

As long as he continues to be our subleaser and continues to fuck me, I think it's acceptable for me to steal a piece of bread here and there. 



your girlfriend showed us your homemade porn last night. 

im mad at you for telling me he ejaculated during "let it go." Thanks for ruining the song forever. 

I don't want to sleep with anyone. I just want a burrito 

I think I'm in the negatives for the quantity of fucks given today. 

Just saw a rice crispy commercial and got emotional. I need to go home. 

I may watch porn and eat a baked potato covered in chili in bed 

Being in nursing school really pays off when your dealer tries to pass off naproxen as Percocet. Like I may have made a C in pharm but I aced the pain drug test 

She has that type of face she reminds me of that weird girl from napoleon dynamite only taller and with hoop earrings. 

You are the ghost of drunk bitches past, present, and future. 

I didn't know White Castle was open when your sober. 









don't give me stepladders when i'm stoned.. i woke up to a slice of balogna nailed to the ceiling 

I'm so drunk. Remember me this way. 

Can someone please remind me later tonight that there's a taco in my purse. I may get drunk and forget I put it there 

How'd your Tinder date go? 

Well, I met his girlfriend... 

You kidnapped her dog. I don't care that you and the dog are epic bros, that's just not cool. Return him. 

The appetizer at the dinner I went to tonight was Klonopin and a Bloody Mary. 

Rage-masturbating and then crying myself to sleep. Welcome to Wednesday. 

Dude, you stalking his LINKEDIN profile will NOT affect your chances with him. We aren't 40... 

I've orgasmed so many times tonight I think I've become enlightened 

how fucking stupid do you have to be to think I'm going to accept your friend request months after falling asleep during one night stand sex? 

There's always a silver lining when massive voluptuous tits are involved 

No one wanted to hang out so vodka and I are hanging out 

Like I owe him sex. Hell fucking no. I owe myself sex. With a celebrity. Or a clean pornstar. Who knows. 

Most tragic bathtub-fart of all time.  I am going to be late. 

Can we smoke pot out of a menorah? 







Leave it to me and my dad to puke on the same guy at the same bar 25 years apart 

What is my life coming to that I have to cross state lines to get laid? 

I'm sitting on the toilet eating a taco... I feel like a female Elvis. 

After an hour of searching for my pants, we had three people looking. They were finally found in the oven. 

is it too soon to tell him I'm available anytime for Christmas themed pity sex and I'll even wear a Santa hat? 

Its official... I need to stop being so slutty.. the guy I had sex with on friday delivered my jimmy johns tonight. 

Had to drive my booty call home because he had an asthma attack after we had sex .. How was your night? 

and yet oddly the jello shots tasted better coming up than going down 

if my uterus stops caving in on itself long enough for me to be alive I'm there 

You also spilled beer on my dog and tried to wipe it off with a paper towel but he kept getting away from you. 

you know that australian accents are like the bat signal to my vagina 

There is maybe 10 hours out of any given day we aren't sober. 

Well. I hope my dad likes whatever sweater stoned me picks out. 

Hey, taking organic chemistry means no one is allowed to tell you you're partying too hard. 

Other than trying to finger me on the couch in the middle of the bar a few times, you were fine. 







Just laying in bed with my vibrator eating cold tortillas and listening to Savage Garden. 

Would you still love me and fuck me doggie style if I had a dinosaur tramp stamp? 

I was thinking about the biological process causing me to puke while I was puking. THAT'S how much I'd been studying. 

I don't know what's worse the fact that I woke up with a clit piercing or the fact that I didn't pay for it. 

Adulthood is making your own puke bucket. 

I just need you to stay far enough away that I can't smell your cologne.  I completely forget that I fucking hate you as soon as I smell it. 

He fell asleep cradling my ass and every time I moved he adjusted his hand accordingly. I've found the one. 

I'm going to give you the best blowjob of your life. And yes you can use my mom's printer. 

I just found a grey hair. On my nipple. Fuck you too, Mother Nature. 

Yeah. I found my shirt from last night while walking back to the bar to get my purse/phone this morning. I'm never going to even ask what actually happened. Be glad you moved 7 states away. 

I shaved an Xmas tree into my junk.... I placed your present underneath. 

He sent me a dick pic from his living room and it has pictures of his three kids in the background 

I knew he was a classy dude because when I told him my name was Jen he said "Gin? Like Gin & Juice?" 

I also woke up in a guys bed in a Reptar shirt yesterday morning staring at a movie theater sized poster of the not as popular Air Bud franchise movie Super Buddies. 

Watching Rudolph while stoned is practically a religious experience. 







If I got paid for every bad decision I've made I would be one rich bitch by now 

I just hip-checked Santa and stole his cab. 

You drunkenly said something along the lines of "move forever" to the lady standing in your way. Needless to say you had too many mimosas at breakfast. 

Did I send you a drunk selfie with a pine tree last night? 

I just used my dick as to measure where my desk would go because I don't have a tape measure or a ruler. 

I didn't have cash to pay cover at the bar, so I traded the bouncer a Krispy Kreme doughnut i had in my purse 

I just wanna get high and take a fucking awesome nap. Those are my goals for the week. 

I mayyyyy have moaned a name that wasn't his 

the shoes thing blows my mind idk how the fuck i did that and im also missing 4 of my birth control pills like did i drunkenly decide to overload my body with estrogen 

Yeah she's a complete bitch. But I mostly hate her because she hijacked my fuck buddy. 

I told her I was going to masterbate myself into a coma... We have another date on Thursday. 

HE'S LIKE A GREEK GOD BUT HE'S FROM BOSTON. HE'S A BOSTON GOD 

pray to him 

I WANNA PRAY ON HIS DICK 

Is this what it's like to be an adult? You plan out play dates for your vagina? 

This isn't good.  I can't find my mom.  This is why we don't give her Fireball. 

He got in a shopping cart outside of home depot and insisted we push him down a flight of stairs. For science. 







Omg drank too much. Threw up in my Santa hat on the train and then of course it leaked all over me. 

Chick in the reindeer getup puked on Baby Jesus last night. But then she bought us all empanadas so she's cool. 

Pulling on my sock literally just took me 5 minutes.. The hangover is real 

Puking in the Ritz Carlton bathroom was actually kind of a nice experience 

Happy anniversary, did you sign and mail in the divorce papers yet? 

went out last night. woke up with a lisp. 

Day two of not drinking, I think my cat is trying to eat me. 

Psychosis secondary to sobriety??? 

And he listens to me when I talk to him like the hulk. 

i know it looks like there's pee in the mayo jar in the fridge but i promise it's just apple juice that wouldn't fit in the jug after i added the booze. 

If you can handle my post-party look you da real MVP 

This Christmas I would like to thank Jesus for cocaine. 

Apparently I was drunk enough to call he police station and ask if there was a problem with me. 

Which one of you drunk assholes put a parental lock on my cable box last night? More importantly, what's the pin? I'm missing the UK game. 

Finals week game: One shot for every psychological trauma I've been through that I have to explain in detail. Man I hate my major sometimes. 

Let's be honest, I'm cooking chicken nuggets in my Helm jersey and underwear who has their life more together than me? 







The impact your presence has on my vagina without even putting your hands on me is quite astonishing, impressive and a little disturbing. 

so much tequila, so little girl. 

He said did you just interrupt me midsentence to admire another man's penis? 

Nothing says Happy Holidays like sending a picture of your ass to the wrong manager. 

I'm trying to make sure he doesn't drown in the toilet. Because I'm a nice lady. 

Thanks for coming out I think haley is drunk enough for breast milk White Russians 

im so sad I can't openly talk about acid tab Sundays 

He called his dick the "gentle giant" 

It's entirely possible that I'm fucking yet another gay guy 

I've finally given up enough on finals week to wear the same shirt three days in a row, because I didn't take my hoodie off for the first two. 

I sense naked hashbrown eating in my near future. 

I totally have a huge crush on him though which is fucking up my "classy she-demon with limited feelings" vibe 

Just took physics exam. I think this is one of those 'chuck it in the fuck-it bucket and become an art major' days 

I just took a service station dump so foul I had to buy gas out of guilt 

Drunk assassins creed leads to explaining to my father that "it was only a steak knife in the arm" 







Awk moment when I forgot to tell my hookup about visitor parking so he got towed 

I did all i could do but i woke up smelling like cigars and theres salsa all over my face 

I've never said "lesbians" so many times in a short response answer 

I gotta give him props though,  I've never been propositioned for sex via flash mob. 

I was in a competition with shots tonight...shots won. 

He told me to tell my ass that he loved and missed it, and even though he hasn't known it long, it might be the one for him 

Out of all the things you could eat off of my tits you choose lettuce? Thats so healthy. Yuck. 

we got stoned then he started showing me how to make his penis look like a hamburger...if that's not true love idk what love is 

She's running around the streets punching people and narrating. I don't know whether to laugh or stop her 

I accused him of not drinking enough alcohol and eating tacos after midnight. I was sober and he's not a gremlin. I would say bad. 

I hurt myself, but I'm pretty sure I saved the carpet. 

MEG JUST LICKED A DRAIN PIPE. DAVE PUNCHED MATT IN THE THROAT. ALL BOUNDARIES ARE DOWN. I REPEAT. ALL BOUNDARIES ARE DOWN. 

And I wasn't CONVICTED of a felony, I just committed one 

I just thought about how many drinks I had last night and threw up. 

The fact that I can sew my leggings while intoxicated proves I'm a functioning alcoholic 







We kinda got asked to leave the strip club and on the way out, you fell again. When you finally got up we got a standing ovation from the girls behind the bar and you took a bow. It was awesome. 

I'm not sure how long my penis is exactly, but I will tell you it resembles a bendy straw 

I always make inappropriate sexual decisions during the holidays 

Just woke up to find that I'd left a stove burner on for the past 6 hours or so. I'm now banned from Ambien cooking. 

I'm currently deliberating if I'm going to be too drunk on New Years to handle wearing false eyelashes. 

Who the fuck gets injured on a merry-go-round? HOW IS IT POSSIBLE?? 

My stuff that was at your place last night smells like doughnuts. I'm not even mad. 

I can now recognize that when my wine bottle reaches a certain point, I probably shouldn't tweet, text or call anyone. RESPONSIBILITY 

He tried to buy me a drink at dollar beer night. All 3 of his credit cards were declined, so he asked me if I could cover it. Needless to say, I'm not calling him back. 

So I'm just casually at the grocery store when I remember that there's still  a clove of garlic in my vagina 

We took vodka shots. You kept saying it was the key to your heart. 

And you said I'm not athletic, I rubbed one out with my sports band on, it's the same as walking 1/4 mile. 

That sounds worse than that time you thought out an entire story of how big bird would kill you 

He started yelling "you tha man!" while I was reverse cowgirl 

Way to go. Now you have no beer and I have a cold tit. 







your phone died, so you started bawling in the bar  

yeah that sounds like me 

I still think it's strange your mom saw me 93% naked with a Santa hat on and a raging boner. Tis the season right? 

You know i love you, but i just cannot fuck you until your eyebrow grows back. It's too hard not to laugh. 



My lighter is stuck in my beard. 

I lost my bra, he lost his virginity. Seems like a fair trade off. 

Whatever. I just want to indulge in this mcchicken and forget all about his tiny penis. 

If Boring and Monotone had a love child, it would be this guy. 

He added me on LinkedIn while I was baking weed brownies in the boxers he left here... Is this adulthood? 

In other news, I woke up still drunk and I think I literally just broke the Guinness book of world records for most bloody Mary's in one day... 

The perfect man would keep a whisky sour in my hand and give me endless sex. I really don't think that's too much to ask for. 

Thanks for fingering me to orgasm during Wu-Tang Clan 

There is a Victoria's Secret pageant on right now with Taylor Swift singing in lingerie.  I didn't know a penis could get this erect. 

MY INSIDES ARE BASICALLY BEING WRUNG BY A CHAINSAW IM NEVER TAKING PLAN B AGAIN 

Ultimate cock block. About to have sex and your mom calls you so you can go help your grandmother figure out how to vote for the voice on her iPad 







I don't know man. I fell outside Pizza Hut and an employee had to perform first aid. But I think I got free pizza. So it was worth it. 

I got high and had sex with reindeer antlers on.  It was magical and animalistic.  Tia the season. 

I gave him a bj as a thank you for helping. I think that's good. 

And at the semi-adult age of 25 I have shit my pants. Not even drunk, just really late to work. Is this real life? 

I'm graduating college in 4 days. I already miss the bad decisions 

You rinsed the beer pong ball off in my White Russian 

He came inside and met my grandmother after we had sex in the driveway. I love that he has a van. 

I think you should do the fixer upper relationship. Like lawyers do pro bono work with underserved populations, you can do pro bono relationship work. 

BRING THE BAGELS 

we talked about the guy being eaten by the anaconda.. Then I proceeded to blow him 

WHAT IS MY LIFE THAT THE ONLY PERSON INTERESTED IN FUCKING ME IS MY 6TH GRADE MATH TEACHER 

Your cock has been in the back of my throat. Co-worker is no longer a sufficient title. Fix that shit ASAP 

I just drank beer out of an old Vicodin bottle hoping to catch some residue. That's how finals week is going 

And you were like wow I love water shots they taste so good 

I think my teeth are moving, they feel like people. 







I woke up this morning wearing his boxers as a shirt 

I think my body knows it's dying and is just shutting down 

Normally, it will inspire me to work. Today, it's inspiring me to masturbate. 

Weird thing is that's not the first time I've been felt up by a Santa. Happens every year 

If muffins & morning blowjobs don't make him happy, frankly, I don't think anything will. 

Literally had a conversation with the pizza as to why it was a bad idea to reach in the back seat and grab a slice while driving. The pizza was right, it was safer to just wait until I got home. 

Is a swingers hotel appropriate for an anniversary? 

I'm by the tree and the Dora the explorer balloon .. Look for the Dora the explorer balloon 

I am descending into that finals week rage fueled by ramen, mountain dew and bad sex is what's up. 

the only thing I remember was some guy took out his fake eye to use it for beer pong 

I fucked him twice and then he set me up with his teammate. This kid does wonders for me 

Seriously I'm not after your cock. It's a nice bonus, like finding $20 in the dryer, but not the reason I hang out with you. 

You may have gone on a date, but I ate chicken nuggets shaped like dinosaurs for dinner tonight. I think we both know who the real winner is here. 

That's a beautiful sentiment. 

This chick just walked by and pet my beard. Don't know, never talked to her. She just walked by and pet my beard. 

Marry her 

You know if we weren't hooking up I think we'd actually be friends 







You owe me beer. On another note, I made out with the ups guy at work today .... 

Dude at one point I lost you only to find you sitting in the bushes eating pizza. 

I am one with the molecules 

I shouldn't be drunk at 3 pm but alas, here we are... 

he pissed the bed, like I literally woke up and he was pissing right beside me. With the electric blanket he's lucky he didn't get electrocuted 

Good, I would never sleep with your boyfriend , or send you an edible arangment 

I feel like a sex bomb and I need to go explode on somebody 

I'm ordering sushi and crying over finals. Come over and bring wine. 

It reeks of weed and poor life decisions in here 

We did it to 80's cardio music. Talk about a workout. 

Yeah, I'm sure we have time for sex AND ihop. 

I'm at the nutcracker high as shit. It's so beautiful. I cried. 

AHHHHHHHHH. I LEFT A GLASS NEXT TO ME WHEN I FELL ASLEEP I'M SO SURE IT WAS WATER BUT NOW IT'S VODKA JESUS MADE A STOP 

I know you just got dumped by your gf but believe there is still good in the world. I just smoked a joint and took a fucking unbelievable poop. Give me a call tomorrow. 

i took a magical journey through the park for about two hours. it was amazing and everything was fantastical. i have been informed someone babysat me through that shit. 







the bartender knew what was up when i took a sip of my drink, gagged and asked her to water down my water 

"Let's do body shots off the freshmen" is officially the worst thing I've ever said. 

Of course,  you have to give the courtesy text like last night when I told you my dick was gonna smell like peppermint 

You keep talking about hotdogs and yelling "COME ON DOWN, LET ME SEE WHAT YOU'RE WEARING" 

I woke up to Elf. I don't know which one of you put that in my DVD player when I passed out but I appreciate you. 

No kiss but I got free McDonald's so at least we can focus on what is really important here 

I went to the strip club tonight. I had never gone, and in a panic I gave the dancer giving me a lap dance a handshake and introduced myself. Redefines business casual. 

who knew tequila and Christmas cookies would go so well together 

Mom and dad should be so proud half of their children have gotten naked in the same local grocery store 

You ran into the tattoo shop screaming PIERCE MY TITIES 

I may or may not be setting up an encounter with a foot fetishist just because I'm curious. 

I don't know how to reply to him. 'I'm glad the ecstasy my friend tricked you into taking wore off'...? It just doesn't seem sincere 

I feel like I have a very capable uterus. 

I'm all dressed in my outfit from last night, and I'm not even the sluttiest person in Walmart right now. God bless Miami. 









It was the easiest thing I've ever done. 3am she walked into my room, saw my Buffalo Bills blanket, said go bills and got naked. 

I told my therapist about the other night and he actually whistled and said "wow that is not good." 

I just fell in love with a beard, the guy it's attached to isn't great but I think I'm going to take one for the team 

Every time you talk about your facial hair I immedately get horny 

Go forth my friend, but don't do any of that fruitful and multiplying shit. 

We climaxed at the same time during ain't no mountain high enough. Does it get more cheesy or domestic for a non relationship? 

Need to find a Santa hat to fit my penis, he deserves to be festive too. 

Congrats. You made me have an orgasm in Starbucks. 

You would think a husband, a boyfriend, and a vibrator would be enough. But sadly it's not 

Maybe you should stop dating for awhile if the chicks aren't working out. Reacquaint yourself with your hand or something. 

Y'know i appreciate how accepting you are of me being a terrible person. 

It was 6am and he went immediately for the 69. WTF?? 6am is WAY to early for acrobatics. 

I really have to stop going to the movies high. Spending $10 to not know what the fuck is going on is starting to get pricey. 

sexting while watching Peter Pan the Musical! something just doesn't seem right here 

I have 80 very blurry photos of you on a stripper pole... 







Is it too soon for me to wonder what sex with him would be like? 

Some guys phone started vibrating on the tv. I answered mine. That's how high I am. 

So I woke up alone in the hotel room clutching a bible to my chest. Explain, please. 

Her hotness level dropped from an 8 to a 2 as soon as I walked into her place.  It REEKED of cat piss and there was no litter box and NO CATS. 

I'm worried about your health. And your boobs. Actually, health, then boobs. Health first, boobs second. And third. 

My body hates me. Pretty sure I drank 3 pitches full of coffee last night and took two adderal. I slept and ran a marathon at the same time. You should see my bed. 

he fell asleep naked and all I'm doing is staring at his weird balls 

I just got offered money for pictures of my boobs 

I accepted the offer 

It was going very smoothly until she noticed my boner of hope. 

Not only did she fulfill a life long dream of mine of banging in a library, she bought me subway for lunch. I feel like I got the best gold star ever today. 

I just had to go dumpster diving, at 3am, in the rain, because I realized that I somehow threw away the brand new package of birth control pills I picked up from the pharmacy this afternoon. So I'm sort of a responsible adult. 

But lunch with my dad really just means an hour and a half of him telling me how he's disappointed and how he knows I'm on drugs 

I woke up and sent him a text that said 'I'm sorry forever' 

The girl who comes up after me always strips to Lana Del Rey. I didn't think working in a strip club could be any more depressing. 

When you wake up with a bow tie and mustache drawn on your penis, you know you had a good night. 





