 "You didn't let me finish!"   "You didn't let me finish!" 

 "No, don't put it away, I'll suck on it later."   "No, don't put it away, I'll suck on it later." 

 "It gets easier the more you do it and you can go faster."   "It gets easier the more you do it and you can go faster." 

 "I know it looks big, but trust me, it was a lot bigger beforehand."   "I know it looks big, but trust me, it was a lot bigger beforehand." 

 "Wow, I didn't know they made them that small."   "Wow, I didn't know they made them that small." 

 "good thing you didn't drop it while running."  Completely serious, she stated "No, whenever it started to slip out, I just held it in my hand."   "good thing you didn't drop it while running."  Completely serious, she stated "No, whenever it started to slip out, I just held it in my hand." 

 "Penetrating oil. When a piece is stuck and you can't get it out. When you're pulling out. When you want to push in. Penetrating oil."   "Penetrating oil. When a piece is stuck and you can't get it out. When you're pulling out. When you want to push in. Penetrating oil." 

 "I don't care how hard you have to try, just blow until it squeaks. Now let's start 69."   "I don't care how hard you have to try, just blow until it squeaks. Now let's start 69." 

 "Good thing I pulled it out when I did, because this nut was about to pop off."   "Good thing I pulled it out when I did, because this nut was about to pop off." 

 "Just suck it up and go faster!"   "Just suck it up and go faster!" 

 "You're being really rigid, and it's a little hard to swallow."   "You're being really rigid, and it's a little hard to swallow." 

 "Instead of letting it get banged around down there, why don't you put it in here?"   "Instead of letting it get banged around down there, why don't you put it in here?" 

 "Where's my cute little stick? Usually it jumps up right away!"   "Where's my cute little stick? Usually it jumps up right away!" 

 "It's not that it's hard, it just all came in at once."   "It's not that it's hard, it just all came in at once." 

 "It tastes better when you have two in your mouth at the same time."   "It tastes better when you have two in your mouth at the same time." 

 "It still feels good to be on top for once."   "It still feels good to be on top for once." 

 "Johnson" case. She explained that she also was working on an unrelated "Johnson" case at the same time. After she gave me my instructions she said, "I need to get back to the other Johnson I'm tending to."   "Johnson" case. She explained that she also was working on an unrelated "Johnson" case at the same time. After she gave me my instructions she said, "I need to get back to the other Johnson I'm tending to." 

 "Get a new chair. I'm not going to have you going down on me while we're talking."   "Get a new chair. I'm not going to have you going down on me while we're talking." 

 "I'm just going to lay back while you drive me."   "I'm just going to lay back while you drive me." 

 "Hey, who took my cherry?!"   "Hey, who took my cherry?!" 

 "No penetration!"   "No penetration!" 


"Put the sauce in your mouth and swallow."  
"Put the sauce in your mouth and swallow." 

 "I think it's down in there too far."   "I think it's down in there too far." 

 "Let me see that hose, I'll pump it for you. You just sit back and relax."   "Let me see that hose, I'll pump it for you. You just sit back and relax." 

 "He finally got it in!"   "He finally got it in!" 

 "I'm not going to put it in my mouth then stick it back in!"   "I'm not going to put it in my mouth then stick it back in!" 

 "I'm putting it back in!" (TWSS) My teacher replied, "It wouldn't have been out if you hadn't been playing with it!"   "I'm putting it back in!" (TWSS) My teacher replied, "It wouldn't have been out if you hadn't been playing with it!" 

 "OMG, this tastes so good in my mouth."   "OMG, this tastes so good in my mouth." 

 "Pull it harder. I mean yank it!"   "Pull it harder. I mean yank it!" 

 "Pull harder. It isn't as much fun if you don't try hard enough."   "Pull harder. It isn't as much fun if you don't try hard enough." 

 "If it's bad, why are you drinking it still?" Her reply was, "It feels good in my mouth, but I don't like the taste."   "If it's bad, why are you drinking it still?" Her reply was, "It feels good in my mouth, but I don't like the taste." 

 "Wow that thing is so big it can touch the ceiling"   "Wow that thing is so big it can touch the ceiling" 

 "Behold, I come quickly."   "Behold, I come quickly." 

 "Okay I'm done. It was long and felt good!"   "Okay I'm done. It was long and felt good!" 

 "my box has got two holes and one is smaller than the other."   "my box has got two holes and one is smaller than the other." 

 "It's way better with two people because you can put your fingers in places they aren't supposed to go."   "It's way better with two people because you can put your fingers in places they aren't supposed to go." 

 "Such Great Heights" and the conductor stopped to tell the sopranos that she needed more from them on the "come down now" lyric. A girl who was struggling with singing the high note for "come"   "Such Great Heights" and the conductor stopped to tell the sopranos that she needed more from them on the "come down now" lyric. A girl who was struggling with singing the high note for "come" 

 "This hurts between my legs."   "This hurts between my legs." 

 "That's what she said" stories for a good five minutes. I asked, "Is this ever going to stop?"   "That's what she said" stories for a good five minutes. I asked, "Is this ever going to stop?" 

 "My arm was KILLING ME by the end of that!"   "My arm was KILLING ME by the end of that!" 

 "Why is he coming in the back door?"   "Why is he coming in the back door?" 

 "Now you're going to get very wet, so you need to back it up a little."   "Now you're going to get very wet, so you need to back it up a little." 

 "Sheesh, how did you manage to get it in there?"   "Sheesh, how did you manage to get it in there?" 

 "I told him I could work with 5 inches but it would cost about $1,000 more than if he could give me 8 inches."   "I told him I could work with 5 inches but it would cost about $1,000 more than if he could give me 8 inches." 

 "Gross, just put it in and go back to bed!"   "Gross, just put it in and go back to bed!" 

 "You spent half an hour fiddling your stick, and NOTHING came out!"   "You spent half an hour fiddling your stick, and NOTHING came out!" 

 "How's it going?" to one of my coworkers. He held up his index finger signaling me to give him a second and I noticed he was eating something. He finished chewing and said,"Sorry, I couldn't talk, I had nuts in my mouth."   "How's it going?" to one of my coworkers. He held up his index finger signaling me to give him a second and I noticed he was eating something. He finished chewing and said,"Sorry, I couldn't talk, I had nuts in my mouth." 

 "It's in there. It doesn't feel like it's in there, but it's in there."   "It's in there. It doesn't feel like it's in there, but it's in there." 

 "Well, it gets harder after awhile, you just have to adjust and work on it."   "Well, it gets harder after awhile, you just have to adjust and work on it." 

 "I am positively beaming, I swear my lips can't stretch any wider!"   "I am positively beaming, I swear my lips can't stretch any wider!" 

 "Is it in all the way?"   "Is it in all the way?" 

 "you can put it where ever you want, it doesn't matter"   "you can put it where ever you want, it doesn't matter" 

 "What hole do I put it in?" The teacher replied, "Show me how big it is and I'll stick it in there."   "What hole do I put it in?" The teacher replied, "Show me how big it is and I'll stick it in there." 

 "why do I always get the easy ones and you get the really big hard ones?"   "why do I always get the easy ones and you get the really big hard ones?" 

 "Its good, it finally went in the hole!"   "Its good, it finally went in the hole!" 

 "DO ME! DO ME!"   "DO ME! DO ME!" 

 "I hate it! It's so long!"   "I hate it! It's so long!" 

 "hit me up while im still wet"   "hit me up while im still wet" 

 "You should start slowly, but as your finger moves up, go a little faster and harder"   "You should start slowly, but as your finger moves up, go a little faster and harder" 

 "Can you make it harder? I didn't even feel that last one."   "Can you make it harder? I didn't even feel that last one." 

 "I'm not going to put it in my mouth then stick it back in!"   "I'm not going to put it in my mouth then stick it back in!" 

 "I almost put this thing in my mouth!"   "I almost put this thing in my mouth!" 

 "Ew! It squirted me!"   "Ew! It squirted me!" 

 "Come on, settle down." After a couple minutes, everyone was quiet. She then said, "Okay, we only have half an hour and we have a lot to squeeze in here."   "Come on, settle down." After a couple minutes, everyone was quiet. She then said, "Okay, we only have half an hour and we have a lot to squeeze in here." 

 "In this spot, we need to be very careful, because it's very dark and very wet."   "In this spot, we need to be very careful, because it's very dark and very wet." 

 "She's got her hand on the hole!"   "She's got her hand on the hole!" 

 "OMG you're so slippery! Just try to stay in!"   "OMG you're so slippery! Just try to stay in!" 

 "I wish I didn't have to suck on it. I wish it would just shoot into my mouth."   "I wish I didn't have to suck on it. I wish it would just shoot into my mouth." 

 "I sucked on it kinda hard and everything splashed on me, but it still tasted good!"   "I sucked on it kinda hard and everything splashed on me, but it still tasted good!" 

 "Whew! That was tiring. It took a lot of energy."   "Whew! That was tiring. It took a lot of energy." 

 "Watch it!" He replied, "It's so big I don't know how to handle it!"   "Watch it!" He replied, "It's so big I don't know how to handle it!" 

 "It will be sturdier if you spread the legs."   "It will be sturdier if you spread the legs." 

 "Could you tell I did that without my tongue?"   "Could you tell I did that without my tongue?" 

 "The more you blow, the harder it gets."   "The more you blow, the harder it gets." 

 "Man, that was hard to swallow. You know when you have way too much in your mouth, and it's really hard to swallow?"   "Man, that was hard to swallow. You know when you have way too much in your mouth, and it's really hard to swallow?" 

 "I'll put you to the side and do you later."   "I'll put you to the side and do you later." 

 "Fits perfectly in your hands and in your life."   "Fits perfectly in your hands and in your life." 

 "Should I lick it off?"   "Should I lick it off?" 

 "Ohh ya, how was it? Did it hurt?"   "Ohh ya, how was it? Did it hurt?" 

 "Oh no, I can't put anything more in my mouth right now."   "Oh no, I can't put anything more in my mouth right now." 

 "Sometimes it just starts and then stops and then starts up again."   "Sometimes it just starts and then stops and then starts up again." 

 "You hold it open while I hold this and put it in"   "You hold it open while I hold this and put it in" 

 " It wasn't as big as I thought it'd be."   " It wasn't as big as I thought it'd be." 

 "He said I was really tight!"   "He said I was really tight!" 

 "The smaller ones don't hurt as much as the large ones."   "The smaller ones don't hurt as much as the large ones." 

 "Damn! It's stuck in there good!"   "Damn! It's stuck in there good!" 

 "Spread your legs, bend over, and remember, keep going until it comes out."   "Spread your legs, bend over, and remember, keep going until it comes out." 

 "Fits perfectly in your hands and in your life."   "Fits perfectly in your hands and in your life." 

 "I prefer the ones that are wider and softer over the skinner, harder ones; those just squirt too strong"   "I prefer the ones that are wider and softer over the skinner, harder ones; those just squirt too strong" 

 "Put it in my hand; don't just leave it in my box."   "Put it in my hand; don't just leave it in my box." 

 "Let's look in there and see if we can get it out."   "Let's look in there and see if we can get it out." 

 "Since we're having problems, I guess I'll just give it to you orally."   "Since we're having problems, I guess I'll just give it to you orally." 

 "It wasn't as big as I thought it'd be."   "It wasn't as big as I thought it'd be." 

 "You poor thing, you plowed me twice and didn't get paid!"   "You poor thing, you plowed me twice and didn't get paid!" 

 "Can this be over soon? My butt hurts so bad."   "Can this be over soon? My butt hurts so bad." 

 "Is it going to be very long?"   "Is it going to be very long?" 

 "Wow! I didn't know it could squirt that far!"   "Wow! I didn't know it could squirt that far!" 

 "Don't suck too hard or it will shoot down your throat."   "Don't suck too hard or it will shoot down your throat." 

 "It's too long, I can't get it to curve!"   "It's too long, I can't get it to curve!" 

 "Would you help me get this thing out of here?  It's too far in and it's stuck."   "Would you help me get this thing out of here?  It's too far in and it's stuck." 

 "I don't know how it happened, but I got a lot of it my mouth and it was nasty!"   "I don't know how it happened, but I got a lot of it my mouth and it was nasty!" 

 "Hey we need some soccer balls." My soccer coach said, "You have 2 balls right there!"   "Hey we need some soccer balls." My soccer coach said, "You have 2 balls right there!" 

 "Was that too fast? I'd be happy to do it again but much slower."   "Was that too fast? I'd be happy to do it again but much slower." 

 "I underestimated the amount of fluid coming out."   "I underestimated the amount of fluid coming out." 

 "Oww, oww, oww! It really hurts! What do I do?" "Put pressure on it!" my mom told me. It didn't make sense to me, so I said, "Why would I put pressure on it? It's inside of me, that'll only make it go in deeper!"   "Oww, oww, oww! It really hurts! What do I do?" "Put pressure on it!" my mom told me. It didn't make sense to me, so I said, "Why would I put pressure on it? It's inside of me, that'll only make it go in deeper!" 

 "We'll have to give it a good hand job."   "We'll have to give it a good hand job." 

 "Wow! This tastes much better than it did yesterday!"   "Wow! This tastes much better than it did yesterday!" 

 "Get that thing out of your mouth!"   "Get that thing out of your mouth!" 

 "Wait, are you sure I can get it in the back?"   "Wait, are you sure I can get it in the back?" 

 "Get that thing out of there."   "Get that thing out of there." 

 "Gosh, get your freaking head out from in between my legs!"   "Gosh, get your freaking head out from in between my legs!" 

 "That's cheap! It went in but then right back out!"   "That's cheap! It went in but then right back out!" 

 " You need to get back on top."   " You need to get back on top." 

 "Say Yes to the Dress" and the bride said, "it hits you in that right spot, not too high and not too low."   "Say Yes to the Dress" and the bride said, "it hits you in that right spot, not too high and not too low." 

 "What are you waiting for? Just stick it in already!"   "What are you waiting for? Just stick it in already!" 

 "I didn't know you could finish that fast!"   "I didn't know you could finish that fast!" 

 "Look, its getting harder!"   "Look, its getting harder!" 

 "Oh no, she's going in with no protection!"   "Oh no, she's going in with no protection!" 

 "Stop it I can't take anymore!"   "Stop it I can't take anymore!" 

 "I'm blowing as hard as I can but it's not coming out."   "I'm blowing as hard as I can but it's not coming out." 

 "God no, I already have 2 in my mouth!"   "God no, I already have 2 in my mouth!" 

 "It's  not gonna fit. It's so big & the hole is so small."   "It's  not gonna fit. It's so big & the hole is so small." 

 "Do you have a sec?" and she said, "Oh yeah I have lots of secs."   "Do you have a sec?" and she said, "Oh yeah I have lots of secs." 

 "Your balls are perfect!"   "Your balls are perfect!" 

 "I can fit two in the rear and one in the front."   "I can fit two in the rear and one in the front." 

 "Oh my gosh, this thing is too little, I can't get it off!"   "Oh my gosh, this thing is too little, I can't get it off!" 

 "I'm not putting that in my mouth, it's way too hot."   "I'm not putting that in my mouth, it's way too hot." 

 "It hurts if you bite it. I think I'll just suck it instead."   "It hurts if you bite it. I think I'll just suck it instead." 

 "Wow, if it was that wet, I'd just keep going back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. That would be fun."   "Wow, if it was that wet, I'd just keep going back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. That would be fun." 

 "That head is really small."   "That head is really small." 

 "Aww man this job makes my hands wet and sticky!"   "Aww man this job makes my hands wet and sticky!" 

 "This stupid thing won't go down!"   "This stupid thing won't go down!" 

 "Oh, I didn't see that one coming!"   "Oh, I didn't see that one coming!" 

 "It's so sticky."   "It's so sticky." 

 "Wait, once you get it in, how do you get it out?"   "Wait, once you get it in, how do you get it out?" 

 "It got stuck in the crack!"   "It got stuck in the crack!" 

 "I put it in my mouth and I told him it tasted great, but OMG it made me want to gag so bad."   "I put it in my mouth and I told him it tasted great, but OMG it made me want to gag so bad." 

 "Mmm...it's right in front of me and I want it in my mouth."   "Mmm...it's right in front of me and I want it in my mouth." 

 "It starts out soft, but then it gets really big."   "It starts out soft, but then it gets really big." 

 "Why did you scream so loud?" to which she replied, "I screamed so loud because you never come at me from behind"   "Why did you scream so loud?" to which she replied, "I screamed so loud because you never come at me from behind" 

 "How do you get that thing in the hole?"   "How do you get that thing in the hole?" 

 "It hurts if you bite it. I think I'll just suck it instead."   "It hurts if you bite it. I think I'll just suck it instead." 

 "I always go deep down to get the slimy stuff out."   "I always go deep down to get the slimy stuff out." 

 "When I get this thing in my hands, I just can not control myself"   "When I get this thing in my hands, I just can not control myself" 

 "It's suppose to be hard now and soft later."   "It's suppose to be hard now and soft later." 

 "Wow. I'm surprised it remained stiff."   "Wow. I'm surprised it remained stiff." 

 "You want a ride? All you have to do is sit on it."   "You want a ride? All you have to do is sit on it." 

 "It's so good I could suck on it all day, it's just hard to get anything to come out."   "It's so good I could suck on it all day, it's just hard to get anything to come out." 

 "I probably look funny doing it, but it's a great workout."   "I probably look funny doing it, but it's a great workout." 

 "It's too big! It will never fit!"   "It's too big! It will never fit!" 

 "I hate it when they pull out when they know you are coming!"   "I hate it when they pull out when they know you are coming!" 

 "I have to wash off my hands. After sucking on that thing they're all sticky."   "I have to wash off my hands. After sucking on that thing they're all sticky." 

 "Yeah, when you suck on it, it gets harder."   "Yeah, when you suck on it, it gets harder." 

 "Oh my God, something just exploded in my mouth!"   "Oh my God, something just exploded in my mouth!" 

 "Wow! It's so much better when you do it faster!"   "Wow! It's so much better when you do it faster!" 

 "Take it out and start working on it."   "Take it out and start working on it." 

 "I wish you would finish already."   "I wish you would finish already." 

 "This thing is huge. I can hardly put my hand around it and it wont fit in my mouth."   "This thing is huge. I can hardly put my hand around it and it wont fit in my mouth." 

 "When you push it down, it's supposed to rise back up."   "When you push it down, it's supposed to rise back up." 

 "I hate it when balls come near me."   "I hate it when balls come near me." 

 "Alright Justin, what am I doing wrong here, help me out cause it shouldn't take this long."   "Alright Justin, what am I doing wrong here, help me out cause it shouldn't take this long." 

 "Wow, why do you only have one hand on there? Is it not big enough for both of them?"   "Wow, why do you only have one hand on there? Is it not big enough for both of them?" 

 "I think I cant swallow it anymore."   "I think I cant swallow it anymore." 

 "I like the long thick black ones."   "I like the long thick black ones." 

 "Will you be wet forever?"   "Will you be wet forever?" 

 "It was coming at my face!"   "It was coming at my face!" 

 "Just close your eyes and shove it in your mouth. Its small, slimy, and a little salty so you swallow it quick so you don't gag."   "Just close your eyes and shove it in your mouth. Its small, slimy, and a little salty so you swallow it quick so you don't gag." 

 "He just jammed it in and it really hurt!"   "He just jammed it in and it really hurt!" 

 "The bigger ones aren't as good." Then my sister asks "Are they not as flavorful and juicy?" and my mom replies with, "Exactly, the larger ones taste worse."   "The bigger ones aren't as good." Then my sister asks "Are they not as flavorful and juicy?" and my mom replies with, "Exactly, the larger ones taste worse." 

 "It won't go in, it's just way to small!"   "It won't go in, it's just way to small!" 

 "It's not going to hurt is it? Should I look away?" She says: "You will definitely feel it inside you. If it feels too hard, then we can slow down."   "It's not going to hurt is it? Should I look away?" She says: "You will definitely feel it inside you. If it feels too hard, then we can slow down." 

 "OMG! IT'S NOT GOING IN!"   "OMG! IT'S NOT GOING IN!" 

 "You put it the wrong hole... take it out!" I yelled, in despair, "It won't come!"   "You put it the wrong hole... take it out!" I yelled, in despair, "It won't come!" 

 "Pull it out! Pull it out!"   "Pull it out! Pull it out!" 

 "You just gotta stick it in there and move it around until the hole gets bigger, and that makes it easier to put it in next time."   "You just gotta stick it in there and move it around until the hole gets bigger, and that makes it easier to put it in next time." 

 "I like the big ones"   "I like the big ones" 

 "Grrr! This thing needs to be a lot bigger!!!"   "Grrr! This thing needs to be a lot bigger!!!" 

 "Just stick it in already!"   "Just stick it in already!" 

 "Wow! That one was hard to blow."TWSS. A second later my mom comes in and said "Aren't they always hard"   "Wow! That one was hard to blow."TWSS. A second later my mom comes in and said "Aren't they always hard" 

 "You'll Be There" by George Strait and there's a line that goes "And it might be a long, hard ride, but I'm gonna take it."   "You'll Be There" by George Strait and there's a line that goes "And it might be a long, hard ride, but I'm gonna take it." 

 "GUYS GET OFF YOUR GONNA BREAK IT!! YOU CANT GET ON IT WHEN ITS DROOPING DOWN LIKE THAT!!!"   "GUYS GET OFF YOUR GONNA BREAK IT!! YOU CANT GET ON IT WHEN ITS DROOPING DOWN LIKE THAT!!!" 

 "I love to suck them to get the juice."   "I love to suck them to get the juice." 

 "Wow, this is a lot to swallow"   "Wow, this is a lot to swallow" 

 "This would be so much more enjoyable if the balls were smaller."   "This would be so much more enjoyable if the balls were smaller." 

 "WOW! That one is so big it makes we want it even more!"   "WOW! That one is so big it makes we want it even more!" 

 "You have to wait for it to get hard and firm and then you can put it in."   "You have to wait for it to get hard and firm and then you can put it in." 

 "wow I didn't expect it to be that big"   "wow I didn't expect it to be that big" 

 "Gonna push it to the limit, give it more!"   "Gonna push it to the limit, give it more!" 

 "pinch pots" he said, referring to our thumb and the clay, " push it in, and when you think it's far enough, go a little farther."   "pinch pots" he said, referring to our thumb and the clay, " push it in, and when you think it's far enough, go a little farther." 

 "Take that out of your mouth! I'm supposed to do that, remember?"   "Take that out of your mouth! I'm supposed to do that, remember?" 

 "it won't work!!" my guy friend, sitting near me then proceeded to yell  in the fairly quiet art room, "keep squeezing, I know you can do it!"   "it won't work!!" my guy friend, sitting near me then proceeded to yell  in the fairly quiet art room, "keep squeezing, I know you can do it!" 

 "It was long, and had a gigantic head."   "It was long, and had a gigantic head." 

 "Just stick it in...Not there! Not there!"   "Just stick it in...Not there! Not there!" 

 "It slides in your mouth easier."   "It slides in your mouth easier." 

